This person cares about you
Why don't you call someone over and beat him to death?
Sir?
Our No. 1 building king not only has to insert the key
Also verify fingerprints
Please check it now.
verification failed
Sir, what's going on?
Oh I know what's going on
He must have harmed the distinguished guest of the Qin family
Stole the key
Catch him
Boy, you actually hurt the distinguished guest of the Qin family
Hello Qin Mengying
I can't see the key you gave me no matter how I type it.
You got to be kidding me!
dare not dare
We haven't lived in Building 1 for a long time
I just remembered that I need fingerprints too
I'm on my way now
Stop
Why are you going?
You've already exposed your secrets, and you're still pretending to be your mother
Do you match calling Miss Qin?
Even you don't pee and look like a bear
Just like you
It is also worthy to let Miss Qin take one more look at you
If you don't explain it clearly
You can't leave today
I see who dares